Update eigenda-v2 configuration flags (#2024)
celo-org/docs: docs/cel2/notices/eigenda-v2-upgrade.md

```

### Alfajores and Baklava
```
  --storage.backends-to-enable="V1,V2" \
  --eigenda.v2.disperser-rpc=disperser-holesky.eigenda.xyz:443 \
  --eigenda.v2.eth-rpc=<SAME YOU ARE USING FOR V1> \
  --eigenda.v2.signer-payment-key-hex=<SAME YOU ARE USING FOR THE PRIVATE IN V1> \
  --eigenda.v2.max-blob-length="16MiB" \
  --eigenda.v2.cert-verifier-addr="0xFe52fE1940858DCb6e12153E2104aD0fDFbE1162" \
  --eigenda.v2.service-manager-addr="0xD4A7E1Bd8015057293f0D0A557088c286942e84b" \
  --eigenda.v2.bls-operator-state-retriever-addr="0xB4baAfee917fb4449f5ec64804217bccE9f46C67" \
```

### Celo Sepolia
```
  --storage.backends-to-enable="V1,V2" \
  --eigenda.v2.disperser-rpc=disperser-testnet-sepolia.eigenda.xyz:443 \
  --eigenda.v2.eth-rpc=<SAME YOU ARE USING FOR V1> \
  --eigenda.v2.signer-payment-key-hex=<SAME YOU ARE USING FOR THE PRIVATE IN V1> \
  --eigenda.v2.max-blob-length="16MiB" \
  --eigenda.v2.cert-verifier-addr="0x73818fed0743085c4557a736a7630447fb57c662" \
  --eigenda.v2.service-manager-addr="0x3a5acf46ba6890B8536420F4900AC9BC45Df4764" \
  --eigenda.v2.bls-operator-state-retriever-addr="0x22478d082E9edaDc2baE8443E4aC9473F6E047Ff" \
```

> ***Notes:*** all the required configuration for each service can be found in our simple-node repo (https://github.com/celo-org/celo-l2-node-docker-compose), where every network specific configuration is stayed in each `<network>.env` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: info
All required configuration for each service can be found in the [celo-l2-node-docker-compose](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-l2-node-docker-compose), where every network specific configuration is stated in the corresponding `<network>.env` file
:::
```

  --eigenda.v2.service-manager-addr="0x3a5acf46ba6890B8536420F4900AC9BC45Df4764" \
  --eigenda.v2.bls-operator-state-retriever-addr="0x22478d082E9edaDc2baE8443E4aC9473F6E047Ff" \
```

> ***Notes:*** all the required configuration for each service can be found in our simple-node repo (https://github.com/celo-org/celo-l2-node-docker-compose), where every network specific configuration is stayed in each `<network>.env` file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::tip Docker Compose
The required configuration for each service can be found in our [Docker Compose Setup](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-l2-node-docker-compose), where every network has a corresponding `<network>.env` file.
:::
```
